

## EARLY 2025 TODO-LIST
------------
Stuff to do/implement our beta-test.


## 10/JAN/2025 PARETO-PLANNING:
We need to get beta-release out ASAP.


------------


- (((DONE))) Rework iron shards (cloud-slot)


- (((DONE))) Make strong-shop-slots trigger on LEVEL-UP


- (((DONE))) Make cloud-slots trigger BUY properly! (To work with balloons, etc)


- (((DONE))) Write blog-post detailing 2024 learning recap
- (((DONE))) Write document detailing what future-UMG would look like


- (((DONE))) Create coal shards
same as iron-shards, but NOT floating! Gives mult instead of points


- (((DONE))) Rework food shards


- (((DONE))) Put a juicy click and animation visual when clicking button-slots
    (The serverside-delay makes it feel unresponsive)


- (((DONE))) Remove `target.description` field, and refactor target descriptions


- (((DONE))) Grubby refactor  GRUB-X: Limits money to $X!


- (((DONE))) Update mana visuals


- (((DONE))) Give mult-visual to slots


## ITEMS:

- (((DONE))) Simplify hammer items: 
"Earns X mult. Destroys a random target item"


- (((DONE))) ITEM: Demonic loan: (refactor)
On Buy: Earn $25
Destroy all target items
(shape=ROOK-10)

- (((DONE))) ITEM: Up Glove:
Gives UP-1 shape to item

- (((DONE))) ITEM:
Lose 0.1 multiplier
Earn 30 points

- (((DONE))) ITEM:
Multiplies points by -1. 
Adds 6 multiplier.
STICKY.

- (((DONE))) ITEM:
Set multiplier to -10
Spawns steak items in UP-3 shape
(note: the way this works, is the steaks will offset the -30 mult, to give a net benefit. The player may also modify the shape for even more benefits/synergies)

- (((DONE))) ITEM: Golden potion:
Buff target item's points-generated by the current balance.
(Currently: $X)


- (((DONE))) ITEM: Bread
If target item is DOOMED, transforms into target item
shape: ROOK-1


- (((DONE))) ITEM: Anvil:
Buff target items points-earned by the current mult (currently: X)

- (((DONE/DEFERRED))) ITEM: Jar of gold:
Generates 5 points
Increases price by $1
(^^^ Maybe we should replace golden_watch with this? Make it simpler)


- (((DONE))) FOOD ITEM: (burger?) Copies it's own target-shape to all target items.
(Currently: ROOK-1)
(Shape: ROOK-1)


- (((DONE))) ITEM: Earn +1 mult for every target item that is STUCK

- (((DONE))) ITEM: Increases price of all target items by $6 (Cost 1 mana)

- (((DONE))) ITEM:
Gives mult equal to the number of lives that this item has
[Gives +1 mult]
(starts with 1 extra life)

- SLOT: Create interest-slot

- SLOT: Swashbuckler Slot:
Items placed on this slot dont cost any money to activate (And cannot earn money either!)

- ITEM: Swashbuckler apple: Creates a swashbuckler slot

- ITEM REFACTOR: Change ping-pong paddle. Its currently a bit... meh. Maybe something to do with mult, since it's red-colored?

- ITEM CHANGE: Do something with FEATHER!
(we already have an item-def for it; its just that the current definition overlaps with white-cap. 
So change it to something new; thx.
Maybe something that costs mana...?)
IDEA-1: manaCost=2, gives x2 mult
IDEA-2: manaCost=1, gives +1 mult. Permanently increase mult by 1.


## ITEM PLANNING SPIKE:
https://discord.com/channels/@me/698376055140122624/1321378894196117525




## DESTRUCTIVE ITEM PLANNING SPIKE:
-> More items that spawn junk-sticky-items
-> More items with `onDestroy` effect
---> Perhaps we need pink-shield? (Give lives to all items with Destroy trigger?)



## MORE REROLL-SCALING ITEMS:
Dont be scared to put extra triggers on items; 
Especially on scaling items.
We should have more scaling items with `trigger = {"PULSE", "REROLL"}`.
(That way, REROLL becomes a more viable build!!!)



## More activation items!!!
It's quite hard to get a activator-build going.  
Back when we had octopi, this wasnt really a problem. But it just seems like now, there aren't enough activator items!!!  
IDEAS:
```
ITEM: Trigger Pulse on all target RARE/EPIC items 
^^^ (triggers={PULSE,REROLL})

ITEM: Trigger Pulse on all target COMMON/UNCOMMON items 
^^^ (triggers={PULSE,REROLL})

ITEM: Trigger Pulse on all items. (KING-2 shape)
(Cost $1 to activate)

ITEM: Trigger Pulse on all items (Queen-2 shape)  (STICKY)
```


## PLANNING SPIKE:
IN GENERAL: We need more items that cost money to use, or cost mana to use.
If we want money and mana to be a scarce resource, we NEED to offer ways for the player to use it.
==>>>
IDEA-1:
More consumable/food items that cost mana/money to use!
==>>>
IDEA-2:
In the weak-shop, when we randomly generate items, we should give some items a mana-cost, and reduce the items price by 2/3 (or something like that) 



## Change or rework treasure-sack items:
They are kinda... bad?? Idk. They feel very un-interactive...



- Item activation denial juice:
When an item fails activation, Big red cross animation?  
^^^ IDK, is it a good idea to have this?  
We already have it so the item shakes when it cant activate...





## PLANNING SPIKE:
Do something with the mineral-ring items.




## ITEM DESIGN METHODOLOGY:
When designing a new item, or trying to come up with a new synergistic item:
Read all the possible mechanics, in a list. That way, your mind will be more open.

grubby
mana
repeater
shape
random target? all targets? listener?
sticky/stuck
trigger
doomed
global money, points, mult
activations
rarity
destruction
price
reroll, level-up, pulse

Hopefully just reading through these will jog our minds, and make us a bit more creative 
